
Chapter 1
Darcy Kincaid had dreamed about this day since she was six and uncovered her mother’s stash of Southern Wedding magazines in the basement. After a lifetime of planning, hand picking two thousand of the palest of pink peonies, and her entire life savings, she was about to pull off, what she believed to be, the most romantic I Do in history. The sun was high, the sky was crystal blue, and a gentle June breeze carried the scent of the nearby primrose blooms and ever after.
      Today was the perfect day to be married, and the rose garden at Belle Mont House was the ideal backdrop. And Darcy wasn’t about to let a tail-chasing wedding crasher ruin her moment. No matter how charming. 
      Not this time.
      “Nuzzling the bride’s pillows before the wedding will only get you escorted out,” Darcy said to the four legged powderpuff in matching pink booties and hair bow. 
      The dog, who was more runway than runaway, dropped down low in the grass, eyes big black circles of excitement, tail wagging with delight—her jewel-encrusted collar winking in the sunlight. 
      Darcy squinted, but could only make out the first word, “Fancy.”
      The little dog’s ears perked up and her tail went wild. 
      “Such a pretty name,” Darcy cooed, taking a cautious step forward. “I’m Darcy, it’s nice to meet you. I’m going to come a little closer so I can get a better look at your collar and find your mamma’s number. Is that okay?”
      With a playful snort, the animal’s entire body began to wiggle, as if so excited by the idea of making a friend she couldn’t contain herself. Darcy reached out to ruffle her ears and Fancy, confusing Darcy’s movement for time to play, snatched up the pillow—and gave it a good shake.
      “No!” Darcy cried, halting in her tracks while little bits of stuffing leached into the air, causing perspiration to bead on her forehead. 
      Fancy, on the other hand, wasn’t worried in the slightest. Nope, she gave another rambunctious whip of the head before jumping up and down with the pillow as if this were all fun and games. 
      Sadly, this situation was about as close to fun and games as natural child birthing. Not only was the vintage silk pillow, a family heirloom passed down from the bride’s great-grandmother, in danger of becoming a chew-toy—but the bride’s ring was swinging dangerously from the aged ribbon.
      And this wasn’t just any bride. Candice Covington was the former Miss Oregon, a Portland mover and shaker, and the first bride to be wed at the newly renovated Belle Mont House. Candice was already in the bridal suite, her beloved in the tower room, and two-hundred of their closest friends and family were set to start arriving in just over an hour—and the dog looked content to nuzzle the pillow all afternoon.
      With its teeth.
      “Stop,” she said, in her most authoritative tone, putting her hand out. 
      To Darcy’s surprise, the dog stopped. Her snout going into hyper-sniffer mode, she dropped the pillow to the grass and rose up to smell the air. Seemed Fancy had caught the scent of the prosciutto wrapped figs sitting on a chair that Darcy had been tasting, and stood up on her hind legs, then walked around in three perfect circles.
      “Someone’s got moves,” she said. “Not bad, but mine are better.” 
      A decade of planning events for Portland’s pickiest clients and four years in the trenches as a single mother had taught Darcy the art of positive redirection. She’d lasted through potty training, teething, and the chicken pox. This stubborn ball of fluff didn’t stand a chance. 
      Eying the flower arrangement on the closest table, Darcy grabbed a decorative stick and gave it a little shake. “Want to play with the stick for a while?” The dog sat, eyes wide, head cocked to the side in an explosion of cuteness. “We can switch toys before you destroy the pillow, okay?”
	“Yip!”  
	Tail up like a heat-seeking radar, the dog hit the fetch-and-retrieve position, pointing her nose toward one of the open fields.
      “Ready?” Darcy wiggled the stick again for show. “Go get ‘em.” 
      The stick flew through the air, going as far in the opposite direction as it could. Darcy released a sigh of relief when it cleared the fountain and landed in the middle of the field.
A low growl sounded, followed by a blur of white fur that bolted past.
      Those little legs working for the prize. A position Darcy could relate to. 
      Located in the prestigious West Hills, Belle Mont House was three stories of Portland history with extensive manicured gardens, six bedrooms, a grand salon, and captivating views of the city and Mount Hood—all of which needed to be meticulously cared for. And Darcy was the sole caretaker. 
      She had driven by the old property a thousand times over the years. But hadn’t really recognized its potential until after her world had fallen apart, and a heartbreaking betrayal had left her life in tatters—much like the foundation of this forgotten house. Unable to watch something so beautiful and full of history crumble, she’d saved it from demolition, then spent every penny and waking moment renovating it back to its original grandeur. In return, Belle Mont had given her something even more precious—a future for her and her daughter.  
      Today marked Belle Mont’s first day in operation as the year’s “Most Romantic” wedding destination in the Pacific Northwest, and Darcy as it’s planner extraordinaire—according to the editor at Wedding Magazine, who’d left a message earlier about sending a high-profile couple to check out the location. 
      A couple so hush-hush, the editor refused to give the name for fear that the press would show. But if they decided that Belle Mont was their dream wedding venue, and Darcy could accommodate them with the last Sunday in July, the only date that worked around the couple’s hectic schedule, then Belle Mont would land a huge spread in the August issue. 
      The endorsement alone was enough to make her say yes on the spot. Not to mention the profit for hosting such a lavish event would go a long way toward helping pay back all of the money she’d invested into the renovation—and secure her future in Portland. 
      A future which now resided in the jaws of a dog that could fit in her pocket. 
      Fancy snatched the stick and darted across the lawn toward the twinkle lit and peony covered gazebo in record time—all with the pillow still in its jowls. 
      “Hey,” she called out. “We had a deal!”
      The dogs tail went up as if flipping the bird at their deal, before she ran beneath a row of chairs and struck a different kind of pose all together. A move that showed enough doggie bits to prove that under that pink bling, Fancy was all male. And about to shit all over Candice’s perfect day. 
      A situation Darcy knew all too well.
      “Had I known you had a stupid stick down there, I wouldn’t have bothered trying to reason with you.” 
      In Darcy’s experience, men loved the forbidden, almost as much as they loved their stick. So she fumbled with her skirt, pulling it above her thighs, and gave chase. 
      Fancy took off, and man, those toothpick legs could fly. Ears flapping behind him, butt moving like lightning bugs in a jar, the pooch headed straight for the rose garden, which lay directly across from the aisle runner that had CANDICE AND CARTER spelled out in the palest of pink peony petals.  
      “Not the runner,” she cried, only to watch in horror as Fancy raced up the center of the white pillowed Egyptian cotton, his legs pumping with the speed and grace of a cheetah in the wild, leaving a few dozen miniature muddy paw prints and a tornado of petals in his wake. 
      “No no no,” she called out. “Not the rose garden.”
      Terrified of the damage he could do to the roses, and the pillow, she picked up the pace and rounded the white iron fencing, gravel sliding under heels as she burst through the gate and snatched the pillow right before the Fancy dove his fancy ass—and Candice’s ring—into the fountain.
      “Got it,” she yelled, but the celebration quickly faded as her momentum carried her forward—and right into the stone cherub boy’s watering hole. 
      “Oh God, no!” Darcy yelped, as water exploded around her.
      Having landed ass first, she felt the cold wetness seep through her silk skirt and slosh into her shoes. Her brand new designer shoes she’d found at a consignment store and purchased special for today. “Please, no.”
      She clawed the edge of the fountain and pulled, mentally willing herself out of the fountain—but she couldn’t gain any positive momentum. No matter how hard she tried, she just couldn’t pull herself out. 
      Refusing to give up, she looked around for Fancy, hoping to either send him to find help, or pull him in with her. But he’d vanished, right before the wedding, leaving her waist deep in his mess.
      The situation was so painfully familiar, Darcy wanted to cry. Then devour the entire wedding cake in one sitting.
      “Are you okay?” a husky voice asked from above.
      “Thank God you’re here,” she said, pushing her hair out of her face and looking up, expecting to find one of her kitchen staff. 
      But instead of a clip-on tie with a comb over, Darcy’s unexpected hero looked like an underwear model in a dark blue button-up and a pair of slacks that fit him to perfection. And his arms—oh my, those arms—were impressive, perfect for helping a lady in need. 
      Although Darcy had worked hard to not be reliant on others—a lifetime of letdowns could do that to a girl—she knew that sometimes it was okay to take an offered hand. And those hands were big and solid and—whoa—reaching forward to wrap around her hips and easily lift her out.
      Her feet hit the floor and she did her best to wring out her shirt. “I’m sorry if I’m getting you all wet.”
      “You never have to apologize to a man for getting him wet,” he chuckled, and Darcy, realizing how that had come out, went to move, but his arms tightened, stilling her. “Make sure you’re okay first. You were moving pretty fast when you dove in.”
      Not as fast as her heart was racing. 
      Closing her eyes, Darcy took stock. Her chest tingled, her head was light, and a wave of delicious thrill jumpstarted parts she’d long believed dead. In fact, she was as far from fine as a woman who had sworn off men could get.
      “I’m good. Thank you,” she lied, trying to gain some distance without falling back in the fountain, which was not an easy task. He was so big, he filled the space, leaving nowhere for her to go. She brushed off her elbows, which were scraped up, but she’d live, then started to straighten when a big hand appeared. Candice’s ring resting in its palm.
      “I believe you lost this.”
      “Thank you,” she whispered, a wave of relief washing over her. “You have no idea how…” 
      Darcy looked up, and the words died on her lips and dropped to the pit of her stomach, where they expanded and churned until—
      Oh God, she couldn’t breathe.
      Her unexpected hero wore slacks and tie fit for wall street, a leather jacket that added a touch of bad boy to the businessman, and a pair of electric blue eyes that she’d recognize anywhere. They’d always reminded her of a calm, crystal clear lake. Today they were tempestuous, like an angry summer storm. 
      The change wasn’t a surprise given the last time they’d seen each other. But the deep ache of longing it brought on was.  
      “Gage,” she breathed, her heart pounding so loudly she was certain he could hear it thumping in her chest. 
      It was the first time she’d seen him since the funeral, a thought that brought back a dozen others—some sad, some of the best moments of her life, but all of them a painful reminder of what had been lost.
      “Hey, Pink,” he said in a tone that implied had he known it was her he would have let her drowned.  
      She swallowed back the disappointment, hoping he didn’t notice that she was shaking. “What are you doing here?”
      “It looks like I’m helping you find your wedding ring.” He took her hand in his and slid the ring on her finger. The sensation was so overwhelming she jerked back.   
      Gage Easton was over six-feet of solid muscle and swagger. He was also sweet and kind and, at one time, one of the few people she thought she’d always be able to count on. If things had gone how Darcy had dreamed, he would have made for one heck of a brother-in-law.
      An even better uncle.
      A swift shot of guilt mixed with the swelling panic in her throat, her reckless secret pressing down until she was choking. But Darcy swallowed it back, and refused to shoulder all of the blame. 
      Life was filled with hard choices. While Gage’s twin had chosen to be unfaithful, Darcy had chosen their daughter’s happiness. 
      She would always choose Kylie. 
      Gage looked at her bare feet then aimed that intense gaze her way. “I would have thought that after jilting Kyle like you did, you’d have started wearing running shoes to these kinds of events.”
      Although Gage had a big heart, he was still an Easton. And when someone messed with one brother, they messed with the whole clan. The only way to survive was hide your fear and never stand down.
      Shoulders back, chest slightly puffed, Darcy made her body appear bigger, the way she had when she’d been a young girl and encountered a stranger at her breakfast table. She’d walk into the kitchen and pretend she was big and strong—someone not to be messed with.   
      Her mother had a thing for rot-gut whisky and bottom-shelf men—and made a habit of bringing both home. Sometimes they stayed the night, sometimes they stayed the year, but Darcy never knew who—or what—she’d encounter in the one place that should have felt safe. 
      But this was her home now, and she’d do whatever was necessary to protect it. 
      “After five years, I would have hoped you’d realize your family weren’t the only ones who were hurting,” she said. “I may have walked out on your brother, but I wasn’t the one who let him drive that night.”
???
Gage Easton felt the truth of that statement hit hard, the power of it nearly taking him out at the knees. Darcy wasn’t a confrontational person by nature, but she knew how to stand her ground. No doubt a trait she’d picked up from dealing with his family.
      He hadn’t seen her since the funeral. Nobody had. Not that he’d blamed her. His family had still been reeling from the aftermath of the wedding that never happened, when tragedy struck again, tearing a chasm between Darcy and the Eastons that could never be fixed. His brother, Kyle, was gone, and with the overwhelming and sudden grief that had been thrust upon his family, most especially his mom, a lot of the blame had been unfairly placed upon Darcy.
      There were so many times he wanted to reach out, make sure she was okay, but he’d spent the majority of their relationship keeping his distance, certain that no good could come from letting himself get too close. And he wasn’t looking to test his theory. 
      Not today.  
      “Are you okay?” he asked, waving a hand to her elbows, which were scraped and he was certain smarting.
      “Nothing that won’t heal,” she said, and he knew she wasn’t talking about the gravel burn. “I just have to change my skirt and shoes.”
      “You might want to change the top while you’re at it.” He grinned. “Not that I mind the view, but it might cause some heart problems with the older guests.”
      Darcy’s gaze dropped to her shirt and the two beautiful buds peeking through the translucent fabric, and she gasped. Hell, Gage was in his prime and her top was causing some serious gasping and heart palpitations on his end.
      “Don’t worry, I didn’t peek. Much.” He leaned in and whispered, “Although, if you know you’re going to take a swim, you might just consider skinny dipping. You’d get the same effect, only you wouldn’t have to hang-dry your lace bra and panties.”
      “You can’t see my panties.”
      No, he couldn’t, but she didn’t need to know that. The narrowed eyes and pursed lips were enough to tell him that she was ticked just thinking about him seeing her panties. And that was a far better state than the tears that had been threatening a moment ago.
      “Look,” she said pointedly, crossing her arms over her chest, which did nothing—except pull the fabric tighter. “I’m grateful that you found the ring and helped me out of the fountain, and I have no clue as to why you’re here,” her tone said she didn’t care to find out either, “but I need you to leave.”
      “Don’t worry,” he said. “I didn’t come to ruin your big day. I’ll get out of your way as soon as my meeting is over.” And he found the abomination in bows he was stuck dog sitting.
      “Oh, it’s not my big day,” she clarified. “I’m the planner for the wedding that is supposed to start in less than an hour.”
      He looked at her outfit, while although cream and dripping, it wasn’t bridal attire. The skirt, the buttoned silk top, even her hair said professionally elegant. Not bride to be. 
      A heaviness that he didn’t even notice he’d taken on lifted at her admission, and he wanted to kick himself. She wasn’t getting married? So what? It didn’t matter. Kyle was gone, Gage was still struggling to make peace with things, and Darcy would always be off limits.
      No matter how great she still looked. Even scratched up and sweaty, she was as gorgeous as ever.
      “Well, if you’ll just direct me to the manager’s office,” he asked. “I’m late and don’t want to keep him waiting.”
      She looked at her watch and froze, an expression of resignation washing over her. 
      “Actually, you’re early,” she said, so full of dread he felt sweat bead on his forehead. She stuck out her hand. “Darcy Kincaid, owner and exclusive planner for Belle Mont House. I believe the editor from Wedding Magazine said you’d be dropping by tomorrow.”


Chapter 2
“Can you define exclusive for me?” Gage asked, not sure if he was going to laugh or lose his shit. Both were distinct possibilities, and he knew with complete certainty that he was screwed.
      “It means I am the only person allowed to design, plan, or oversee events at Belle Mont House,” she said, her eyes full of fire, her attitude dialed to untouchable.
      Which in no way explained why his fingers itched to reach out. Sure, he liked fire and attitude on his women. He’d always especially liked it on this particular woman. But after five years of no contact and a boatload of disappointment—on both sides—he’d assumed he’d gotten past the attraction.  
      She’d made her choice, and he’d made peace with it. 
      “And what if my client wants someone else to plan the event?”
      “Then they need to find a new venue. I have a list of recommendations in the office,” she said, ever so helpful. “Just let me know who your client is and I’ll have my assistant send it over.”
      She handed him a card, which she pulled from who knows where. The point was, she stepped forward to give it to him, so close he could see the sun dance in her eyes, and he caught a whiff of something floral and—Jesus help him—sexy.
      “I’m not at liberty to say who the event is for until we have nondisclosure agreements signed,” he said, and she rolled her eyes. Right, lame excuse, but he knew the second she heard who his client was, any bargaining chip he held would be voided. “What can I do to make you feel comfortable entertaining the idea of bringing in someone else to plan the wedding?”
      “Nothing.” 
      The way she said it, with a bravado that was too big to be real, told him that she wasn’t as rigid as she was letting on. As an agent for some of the world’s top musicians and sports stars, Gage had negotiated enough deals to know that everyone had a price—it wasn’t always money, although money was the easiest to leverage. 
      But nothing with him and Darcy had ever been easy.
      “Look, they don’t want another venue, they want Belle Mont House. My client’s fiancée is set on having it here.” Only because she’d heard some European princess who was loosely related to Grace Kelley had been married there once upon time. “But he will only agree to it if you ensure that it won’t turn into a media frenzy. Can you guarantee that?” 
      Gage watched the way those beautiful eyes darted around the grounds. He knew what she was seeing. Besides the assistant she’d mentioned, there were only a few hired servers and wait staff walking around, and if her wedding was to start in an hour, he doubted she had more coming. Bottom line: she didn’t have a staff large enough to handle a high-profile event. Let alone one that could easily become a media circus. And she knew it.
      “If security is a concern, I can look into a solution that would satisfy your client’s concerns. I’d even be open to using a security company he’s used before,” she said. “But as far as running the event, I was very upfront with Lana that I would design and plan the wedding.”
      Shit.
      “Lana didn’t mention that,” he said, referring to the magazine editor he’d spent the last two weeks courting to make this last-minute-wedding happen. A deal that, if it went south, his client would have his ass. 
      And it wasn’t just any client, it was his biggest client. Rhett Easton, prodigy guitarist, front man for one of Rolling Stone’s bands-to-watch, and one of Gage’s older brothers. While Rhett was finishing up the press tour for his band’s first album, Gage had been drafted to make sure his upcoming wedding went off without any problems.
      Which wouldn’t have been a problem if they’d decided to be like every other couple on the planet and give themselves at least a year to plan a wedding. 
      “How much would it cost for you to look the other way for once and let someone else run the show?” Gage asked. 
      “I looked the other way once. It didn’t work out so well for me,” she said, painful silence weighting thick in the air. 
      “I’m not Kyle,” he said quietly. 
      Even though Kyle and Gage were twins, they couldn’t have been more different. Where Kyle was impulsive and outspoken, Gage analyzed every possible outcome and didn’t mince words. Kyle loved the flash, and Gage was content to be the guy behind the curtain. 
      “No, but it doesn’t matter, because Kyle will always be there. Every time I think I can move on, start over, he’s there.” 
      Anger simmered beneath the surface. “You’re blaming him for not being able to move on? It was you moving on so abruptly that landed us all here to begin with.”
      “You don’t think I know that? That every day I don’t think, ‘If I had just confronted him instead of running, would he still be here?’ I know what I did, and I am so sorry for not having the courage to stand up in front of everyone I knew and loved, and say I couldn’t go through with the wedding. But things were complicated, Gage. Everything with Kyle was always so complicated, so one sided. The man could fight with a tree stump. Out of everyone, you should know that.” She rested a hand on his arm and an intense charge shot though him.
      He looked down at her hand and let it stay there, just this once, let the heat of her hand melt through the fabric, slide along his skin, and he imagined what it would feel like to have her touch other places on his body. 
      “I get why your mom blames me,” she said, and his gaze jerked to hers. “But at some point, I figured the emotions would fade and you would see that maybe there was more to the story than me getting cold feet.”
      Gage wasn’t sure what had gone down between Darcy and Kyle, but for as many great things as Kyle had done, he’d also racked up some pretty shitty ones. 
      When their dad passed away, Kyle took it the hardest. He was so angry at the world he ignored the strength and direction he’d gained from working alongside a man as great as Benjie Easton. He tended to veer off course from time to time and make questionable decisions, but Darcy had a calming strength that ground him.   
      “I’m not asking you to forgive me, Gage. I’m just asking you to understand,” she said. “I’ve worked too hard to rebuild this house to ever look the other way again.” 
      “Even if you lose what could be the biggest wedding of your career?” 
      “Your client is looking for a premiere venue with a six-week lead time at the beginning of peak wedding season. There is no other option.”
      “You and I both know that a spread in Wedding Magazine opens up a lot of options.”
      “It does, but your client signed a deal with Wedding Magazine,” she said. “They signed it knowing that they’d be working with me. I already gave Lana a verbal agreement, so as far as I am concerned, your issues with me have nothing to do with this deal. If you don’t want to see me, then don’t come, but don’t you use those big agent,” she punctuated the last two words with a finger to his pec, “scare tactics on me, Gage. I’ve seen you negotiating a multi-million-dollar contract, just like I’ve seen you begging to the porcelain god for mercy after too many tequila shots. So you don’t scare me.”
      Darcy was good at masking her emotions, but he knew her well enough to see the signs. She was scared of losing this account. 
      “I’m not trying to scare you, just pointing out the facts,” he said. “If my client walks because of your unwillingness to be flexible, do you really think Wedding Magazine won’t just roll over for the chance to follow him to the next venue?”
      He watched her confidence fade and the uncertainty of it all take over as the woman, who’d once looked at him with nothing but warmth and trust, looked up at him with panic and betrayal in those caramel eyes.  
      “I know you have no reason to help me, Gage. But I can do this. I need to do this wedding,” she said quietly. “You know how good I am, and how much I’d bring to this kind of event. Your client won’t get the same experience with any other planner. I’m not asking for a handout. I’m just asking for a fair shot.”
      There was something about the way she looked at him, it was the same look she’d had when she’d confided in him about how hard she’d worked to create a better life than the one she’d been born into, that tugged at his heart. That made him want to give in.  
      So he glanced up at the sky and took a deep breath, trying like hell to distance himself from the desperation he saw on her face. What it was about the leggy brunette with the sad smile that still got to him? It was her eyes, he decided. Her big, brown, melt-your-soul eyes that he could never ignore. 
      She was as real as a woman could get. Funny, caring, sexy, and so damn warm it drew people in. Darcy didn’t just listen, she took a genuine interest and great care with peoples’ dreams—with their lives. Around her, he couldn’t help but feel loved.
      Which was why her runaway bride moment had come as such a shock. Darcy was honest, loyal, and devoted—right up until the second she walked out on Kyle and shattered his world. 
      No, she didn’t let him drive that night, but Kyle wouldn’t have been at a bar shitfaced and spinning off his axis if she’d handled things differently. 
      So yeah, he’d signed that magazine deal on Rhett’s behalf. And, yeah, it was obvious Darcy needed the publicity this would bring, but none of that mattered. It had taken his family five years to get back on track, and he wasn’t about to blow that. This time, his mother would see her son walk down the aisle. 
      Collateral damage or not, Darcy had to go. 
      “The client is Rhett,” he said, and her face went completely pale. “So you being the planner is not an option.”
      “I was hired to plan an Easton wedding?”
      “Yup. Which is why I’ll have a list of five of the best planners in the country emailed to you tomorrow. I’ll leave it up to you to pick the final one, but, Darcy, if you want this event, it won’t be you.” Then, before he gave in to the way her eyes misted over, Gage upped his douche factor and hollered, “Fancy, come.”
???
Gage walked through the doors of the historical craft beer bar in downtown, letting loose a string of choice words when he saw three of his five brothers. He knew why there were there. Even knew why they wore amused as shit looks on their faces. 
      After the day he’d had, Gage wanted nothing more than to go home, shower, and grab a cold beer. Which was ironic, because the day he’d had left the first two as non-options. Only leaving the cold beer still in play. 
      That was the reason he’d asked his brothers to meet.  
      Stout was known, not only for its deal making environment, working as the official meeting place for politicians, businessmen, and celebrities, but it was started by their late father. So not only did it feel like a second home, it was the one place the brothers always came when they needed to talk.
      And tonight, they had a lot to consider. 
      Deciding the best course of action was to man-up, take the reaming, then drop the bomb that was sure to wipe those smug looks right off their faces, Gage headed toward the bar. Fancy pranced behind him with his head high and his tail waving proudly, as if he wasn’t the pussiest dog known to man. 
      “You courting a new client around town?” Clay, the youngest and, up until two seconds ago, his favorite brother, wanted to know. He was dressed in his usual sports jersey with a cracked lip and black eye, looking as if he’d been in a bar fight or training hard for the upcoming season—which being an NFL MVP, it could have been either. 
      “Funny thing about that,” Gage said, handing Rhett the leash. “I called Stephanie to see where she wanted to meet for the hand-off, you know, the one I offered to do on the way to my big meeting, because you were at that interview and she couldn’t make it to the groomer in time. She explained she was getting her dress fitted in L.A., then thanked me for agreeing to dog sit.”
      “That was nice of you,” Rhett said, picking up the dog and setting him in his lap. 
      “I’m not dog sitting,” Gage clarified. “And how the hell is she supposed to plan a wedding if she’s out of state?”
      “The woman could organize a hostile takeover of a first world country from her iPhone.” Rhett leaned back and folded his hands behind his head, making himself right at home. “The in-person stuff, that’s why we have you.”
      “You don’t have me. I said I’d pull a favor with the location. Not plan a wedding while dog sitting a glorified rat who likes to tear off people’s fingers.” He glared at Fancy, who was too busy licking himself to notice. “What’s up with that?”
      “They must have been wearing R-I-N-G-S,” Rhett said.
      “Rings?” 
      Littleshit lunged forward, nearly taking Gage’s hand off in the process. “Jesus, what’s wrong with that thing?”
      “Nothing.” Rhett patted the rat’s head in praise. “Stephanie paid some fancy dog trainer to the stars to teach him how to carry the rin—” Rhett stopped abruptly when Fancy’s eyes went into Cujo mode. “He’s our R-I-N-G bearer, so he’ll carry it down the aisle.”
      Rhett pointed to his ring finger in case anyone missed what it referred to. Then he glanced at Gage’s shirt, wrinkled with little muddy paw prints, and grinned. “How did the meeting with the potential client go?”
      “He was the NHL’s rookie of the year, right?” Owen, the middle brother and the owner of Stout, asked. He reached over the bar to refill the pitcher, sure to ruffle Littleshit’s ears in the process. “Tony Carter. He was in here the other night, served him and a couple of his teammates. Nice guy, big tipper.”
      “But did he seem like a dog lover?” Rhett asked, and all of the brothers burst out laughing. Loud, amused, shit-eating laughter that made Gage want to punch someone in the nuts. 
      Even Littleshit was laughing. Those lips of his peeled back to give a nice flash of his damn needle teeth. The ones that had done a bang up job of turning his leather car seats into strips of jerky on the ride over. 
      “Didn’t matter,” Gage said, taking a seat, sure to elbow Rhett in the process. “Told him my brother was so pussy-whipped that he had a set of matching bows and collar at home that his soon-to-be-wife bought him. Playtime attire, is what I hear they call it.”
      “Jesus, man,” Rhett said, suddenly serious. “That leaks and the press will run with it. I’ll never be able to go into a pet store again without someone wondering why I’m buying dog treats.”
      Fancy never came up in his meeting because he paid the doorman at his building a hundred bucks to watch the rat while he landed a new client. Not that Gage mentioned that to Rhett. He’d gone out of his way to screw with Gage’s day, so letting him sweat it out for a bit wouldn’t hurt. 
      “So he signed?” Clay asked.
      Clay might be two years younger than Gage, making him the baby of the family, but he was the most level-headed of the brothers. Always had been. His ability to keep focused in the storm made him one of the best running backs in the NFL. And a big reason why Gage wanted to meet with his brothers—get their opinion. 
      “He signed,” Gage said. “Thanks for intro, the way the kid was pumping my hand, like I was the pope, told me you really hyped me up.”
      “It’s not hype if it’s true. You got me a ten percent jump in bonus during the last negotiations with the Seahawks. That’s more than any other running back in the league makes. As far as I’m concerned, Tony is the lucky one,” Clay said, then raised his glass. “Congrats, bro.”
      Gage did a round of toasts, with a few hard pats to the back from each of his brothers, and he waited. Waited for the rush, the excitement he normally experienced after closing a big deal. But, just like at the meeting, it was nowhere to be found. 
      For a fleeting moment, when Tony had signed on that dotted line, making Gage the top agent at his agency, he’d felt the adrenaline course through his body, felt that cocky thrill of accomplishment, knowing he’d done it. Knowing he’d created a profile of clients that was unrivaled by someone his age. 
      But it faded as fast as it had come. 
      And now looking at Clay’s smile, one that was identical to Kyle’s in every way, any lingering excitement Gage had left was snuffed out buy the heavy weight that came whenever he thought about Kyle. About how their team was one man short.
      Then he thought about his mom, and what she’d do if she found Darcy at Rhett’s wedding, and he downed his mug of beer. 
      “How set is Stephanie on having the wedding at Belle Mont?” he asked.
      “I’d say things are pretty set. She’s picked out the dress, the …” He paused to cover Littleshit’s ears with his hands. “The ring is on hold. Why?” Rhett studied Gage for a long intense moment, then his face went hard. “Is that why you called us here? To talk about the wedding? Shit, that’s all I hear about from Mom. I don’t want to talk about it here.”
      “I called you here to give you back your damn dog,” Gage said. And when his brothers sent unconvinced looks his way, he added, “And to see if she’d be open to other venues.”
      “No. She would not. I would not. We are not open. And according to you, there is no reason for us to be open. Belle Mont isn’t a problem,” Rhett said, in what was supposed to be his best Gage impersonation. “It’s as good as a done deal, you said. Everyone is excited and on board.”
      “It is a done deal, and everyone is on board.”
      Rhett eyed him. “Good, because Steph ordered five hundred wedding invitations for our wedding, which will be held at Belle Mont House. So unless you want to be the one to inform her there’s a problem, then you’d better pray there isn’t.”
      No way was Gage calling Rhett’s fiancée. Stephanie Stone was a fashion consultant who’d created a media empire out of teaching people how to, “Look runway ready with red-tag prices.” Even her dog had an agent, and over a million Instagram followers. The woman was savvy, smart, and ruthless as hell. 
      The same three traits Darcy possessed when she’d told him, in no uncertain terms, where he and his client could stick their outside help, before handing him a bill to cover the damage left behind by his rat on a leash.
      Gage picked up the pitcher and refilled his mug. “There’s a problem.”
      “Shit.” Rhett rested his head on the bar top. “I can’t deal with another problem. My manager booked an appearance while I’m on my honeymoon, my label wants me to meet their foreign markets guy, and Stephanie still has no idea that our honeymoon is a week shorter than planned. Which is why I pay you to handle my problems.”
      “You couldn’t pay me enough to handle this on my own,” Gage said. 
      “Yeah well, when you cash your part of the advance we just got from the record label, I’ll remind you of that,” Rhett said, leaning back in his chair, and Gage felt for the guy. 	
      Rhett could barely hold his head up, his eyes were bloodshot, and he was a few pounds lighter than normal. Between playing gigs, recording his new album, and doing the media circuit, his brother barely had time to sleep for more than three hours in a row, let alone plan a wedding. 
      His career was on the verge of taking off, everyone knew it, including Rhett, who was working non-stop to make sure nothing hindered him from taking it all the way. From Stout to stadiums was the band’s motto. And they were almost there.
      So when he asked Gage to fix the problem, Gage wanted to be the guy to fix it. The guy to make all of the shit in their lives disappear. Make it so whenever they saw each other it didn’t feel like there was a gaping hole in their world. 
      But Gage hadn’t only felt the void of Kyle these last few years, he’d felt the loss of Darcy as well. And seeing her today, a little battered but determined, had messed with his head. So he’d called his brothers. Josh, the oldest, was out of town on business, but the others had dropped what they were doing and come right over.
      “Belle Mont House comes with its own wedding planner.” Gage leveled with his brothers. “Darcy bought Belle Mont house a few years back.”
      “Holy hell,” Rhett said, his face the same degree of what-the-fuckery that had taken Gage three hours to come to terms with. 
      “Wait. Kyle’s Darcy?” Owen asked.
      Gage wanted to point out that she wasn’t his anymore; she wasn’t any of theirs, but knew that they needed time to process. Hell, he was still processing. 
      He watched as the reality of Darcy being back in their lives began to sink in. Watched as his brothers’ expressions went from dumbfounded to anger, and finally sadness. Gage remembered what Darcy had said earlier, that they weren’t the only ones who had lost out, and found himself wondering who she’d leaned on.
      “Does Mom know?” Clay asked, bringing Gage back to reality, back to the only person who really mattered. 
      “If she doesn’t, she will,” Gage said. “Darcy is adamant that no outside planner can be brought in.” Knowing how his mom would react if she learned Darcy owned the house, he didn’t blame her. “So, unless Stephanie wants to consider some other options…”
      “It isn’t just Steph,” Rhett said. “Mom was with her when she got the call from Wedding Magazine. They’ve both been clipping out wedding pictures and talking nonstop about it. I haven’t seen Mom this excited in years. Hell, she’s so excited that we’re getting married here instead of LA, she even made a Pinterest board with ideas that she updates hourly.” 
      “What if we offer her an out-of-network vendor fee or something,” Owen said. “I do it all the time here when someone wants to book the bar for an event but bring in their own caterer.” 
      “I don’t think a few extra grand is going to sway her.” After his ill-thought threat, he didn’t think anything shy of a public apology from every member of his family would sway her. “Plus, money doesn’t motivate her.”
      “How do you know?” Owen said, crossing his arms in challenge. “She seemed to change her mind the second Kyle’s finances took a turn.”
      Gage never agreed with his family’s consensus that Kyle’s financial status had a role in her decision to skip the wedding. Darcy was never looking for a hand-out. She was looking for a partner. Someone to love, who would love her back. “I just know.”
      Rhett studied him long and hard. “If you’re so sure that money won’t sway her, then how about you?”
      “What?”
      “Well, you’re the one who claims to know her.” Owen threw up air quotes. “I forgot how close you two used to be before she and Kyle hooked up.”
      Too close. “No way.”
      “It’s actually not a bad idea. She’s always liked you, trusted you,” Clay added.
      “Not anymore.” Not after today. “And even if she did, that doesn’t mean she’d change her policy. Especially for an Easton wedding.”
      Jesus, Darcy was right. Saying it aloud made him realize what an impossible situation this was. Them expecting Darcy to agree would be like her asking Rhett to play at her wedding. Worse even, this wasn’t just her place of work, it was her home.  
      “She won’t change her mind,” he said, confident now in that fact, even if he wasn’t okay with it.
      “She would change it for you,” Rhett said, so serious that apprehension twisted in Gage’s stomach. “And if she’s worried about the house, tell her I’ll bring in my best people.”
      “What people?” Gage laughed, but it was more of a release of emotion. It had been one hell of a day and he was about at his breaking point. “You mean your roadies?” 
      “No, I mean I will have Steph call the company that catered for Oprah when she interviewed her. I will provide background checks on every employee who walks on that property. And I will give every media outlet exclusive pictures from the wedding when it’s over. It might even land her a cover.” Rhett sounded so serious that Gage began to believe that it might work. “And I will personally vouch for everyone invited, as long as Stephanie gets her dream wedding and Mom gets to see us walk down the aisle without a reminder of Kyle hanging over her head.”
      “And will you personally apologize for what happened at the funeral?” Gage asked, ignoring the shocked looks on his brothers’ faces. 
      He’d worked hard to do the right thing, to avoid situations where he treated others unfairly. After seeing the absolute conviction in Darcy’s eyes when she said there was more to the story, Gage began to question everything he’d assumed to be just. 
      Including how his family had treated her after the wedding day. 
      “Are we all going to apologize? Because, let’s face it, there is no way she’d feel comfortable letting Mom on the property after the fall-out they had.”
      And by fall-out, he meant his mom having Darcy arrested for trying to get her stuff out of Kyle’s apartment, then accusing her in the news for the death of her son.  
      “When did you become Debbie Downer?” Rhett asked. 
      Gage had no idea. He was the guy with the plan, the brother who could find an upside to any problem. 
      Years of negotiating multi-million dollar contracts for some of the biggest egos in sports and music had taught Gage that most life decisions were driven by emotional needs. People didn’t haggle over an extra half-percent—they were searching for validation. The key to closing a deal was pinpointing what that meant to each person, then delivering it in a way that both sides felt as if they’d been heard. 
      Darcy didn’t want money, and she didn’t give in to threats. All she wanted was an honest conversation. And his brothers were right, the only one who could give her that was him.


Chapter 3
The wedding was in full swing and already deemed a success.
      So why couldn’t Darcy pull herself out of the tailspin that Gage had started? He’d always had the ability to get straight to the heart of the matter, and today was no exception. Only this time, her heart hadn’t seemed to matter to him. 
      Which was okay. 
      She herself had made a lot of decisions in recent years where his best interests weren’t a factor. Something she’d thought about non-stop since she told him to take his offer and his dog somewhere else.
      Although, after a quick google search, she’d learned it wasn’t his dog, but it belonged to one of his clients. Stephanie Stone, to be exact. One of the most recognized names on the internet, a mover and shaker in the national media, and soon to be renamed Stephanie Easton. 
      Hosting her wedding would be huge for Darcy—and Belle Mont House. And even though passing on the opportunity had been a smart move, it had left an unsettled feeling that was too intense to ignore. Which was why Darcy needed some perspective. 
      Behind her, the sweeping music swelled as couples spun around the dancefloor in tuxedoes and elegant ball gowns, love and forever thick in the summer air. While above her, a million or so white lights twinkled, turning the rose garden and bubbling brook trail into a romantic paradise. But to Darcy, the most perfect part of the night was standing on the grass in front of the guest cottage, twirling under the stars.
      Darcy stopped at the edge of the foot bridge that separated the main property from her cottage, her heart swelling with love as she watched her two-foot-tall ballerina lead a neighbor boy around the lawn. Dressed in pink feetie-pajamas with little puppies scattered down the front, a pair of Darcy’s pumps, and a veil someone left in the bridal suite decades ago, was the reminder she needed.
      Darcy’s reason.
      “You didn’t start without me, did you?” Darcy asked.
      Kylie stopped dancing and turned around. The moment she saw Darcy her smile went radiant, and she let out a giggle that had the power to change the world.
      “Mommy,” she said, clapping her hands and jumping up and down, the heels of the borrowed pumps making little divots in the moist lawn. “Look, Sammy, it’s my mommy. Mommy, did you see us twirling?” 
      “I sure did.” 
      “I told her I should be twirling her ‘cuz I’m a boy, but she keeps twirling me,” Sam said, sounding put out.
      Kylie jabbed her little fists into her hips and said, “It’s only ‘cuz I know how to do it better. When you twirl me, you step on my veil.”
      And even though Sam was two years older, a foot taller, and hated playing princess dance party, he always seemed content to indulge Kylie. Even when he’d rather be playing video games. And it was clear by the sleepy eyes, he’d been playing the doting partner for a little while.
      “Well, that was very nice of you to play Kylie’s game with her, Sam.” Darcy looked at her daughter, prompting, “Wasn’t it Kylie?”
      “Uh huh,” Kylie said. Then, hands clasped in front of her, she started twisting side to side. “Thanks, Sammy,” she sang.
      Sensing his exit had finally arrived, Sam grunted, then ran inside the house, shouting something about video game time as he passed his mom.
      “Ten minutes, then it’s time to get ready for bed,” Jillian called back with a smile. 
      Jillian Conner was the exclusive cake designer for Belle Mont. The two had met a few years back in Mommy & Me. But it wasn’t until Jillian’s husband filed for divorce, and she started baking sweets in her home to supplement her income, that the two bonded. Now, they were close friends, supporting each other through the trials and limitations that came with single-motherhood.
      Swapping babysitting hours, craft ideas, and sharing in the joy that came with kids. 
      “I think Sam’s dance card was full,” Jillian chuckled from the rocking chair on the front porch. She wore ballet flats, khaki capris, and a white top with a bright yellow gauzy scarf twisted into some complicated knot around her neck. Her short chestnut hair was layered and effortlessly sexy. Anyone else might run the risk of looking like a soccer mom, but only someone with Jillian’s grace could pull off holly-homemaker with class. 
      “I think it’s because the carriage is about ready to turn into a pumpkin.” Darcy made her way toward the lawn to pick up her daughter. “Are you going to turn into a mouse?”
      “Not a mouse, a dog!”
      “Well, then I’d better get you to bed before you start barking at me,” she said, sending Kylie into an eruption of giggles that filled the night—and Darcy’s chest. 
      It was crazy how one giggle, one little smile could make all of the problems that had seemed so insurmountable moments ago vanish. 
      Kylie wasn’t just her daughter. She was her everything.
      They may be a small family, but their love was mighty. Darcy carried enough for two parents—enough to last a lifetime. The day she’d discovered she was pregnant, she’d made a promise, to herself and to her baby, that they would live a life built on happiness, honesty, and never-ending love. 
      Three things Darcy never had much of growing up. 
      She had sacrificed a lot to hold true to that promise, but when she heard her daughter’s joyous laughter float up into the night sky, she knew it was worth every hardship.
      Sometimes, it seemed as if both of their lives had begun the day Kylie was born. Darcy, who had been on her own for most of her life, found herself alone once again after Kyle’s death. But then Kylie came along, and suddenly emotions and this tangible connection that Darcy had struggled for years to find came bubbling to the surface with such force they infused every corner of her life.
      A life, she thought, taking in the small guest cottage they called home, that she was proud of. 
      “Let’s get washed up for bed,” Darcy said.
      “But they’re playing the chicken dance. I do the chicken good. Look.” Kylie tucked her arms in, like wings, and flapped for her life. 
      “You do, but it’s way past bedtime.” Darcy set her daughter on her feet and led them to the porch. “Say goodnight to Auntie Jillian.” 
      “But they haven’t cut the cake.” Kylie’s lower lip quivered in a way that made saying no hard. “And it’s my favorite kind.”
      “And what kind would that be?” Darcy asked, her eyes on Jillian in question, because she’d been so busy doing damage control, she wasn’t even sure what kind of cake the bride had ordered.  
      “The iced kind,” Jillian said, and Kylie’s head bobbled in agreement.
      “Then I will bring you a slice for tomorrow.” Before her daughter could come up with yet another reason to prolong bedtime, Darcy added, “If you are a good girl and go to bed for me.”
      Quivering stopped and Kylie gave Jillian a big smack to the lips. “Night, Auntie.”
      “Night, sugar,” Jillian said. “Make sure Sam is getting ready too.”
      “Sammy,” Kylie called, dragging out his name from two to nine syllables. “It’s bed time.”
      Darcy waited until she heard heels clacking hard enough against the wood floors to leave marks, then let out a breath. “Thanks for staying the night. You’re a lifesaver.”
      “My pleasure. Sam needed a playdate that didn’t involve videogames, plastic guns, or tackle.”
      “Tackle football?”
      “No, just tackle.” Jillian shrugged. “Boys, they’re a different breed.”
      Didn’t she know it.
      Darcy took a seat in the rocking chair next to her friend, and watched the people across the lake dance and hug and mingle, as if nothing could come between them. As if the only emotion in that moment was hopeful joy. 
      It was why Darcy loved weddings so much. They were the day when everything was perfect, and everyone was connected through love. 
      “I heard you had a problem with the aisle runner earlier,” Jillian said.
      “I called the nursery and replaced the runner with a blanket of pink and cream petals.” It had cost her a small fortune, and she was sure to take a loss on the flowers, but the bride had been thrilled. “I found out who the celebrity wedding was for.”
      “Oh. My God.” Jillian’s brows shot up. “Who is it?”
      “I’m not supposed to say, the magazine swore me to confidentiality.”
      “Only so that they could have one of their interns unintentionally spill the news at the right moment, so it will start a media frenzy to get everyone talking about the wedding of the year. A million readers anxiously awaiting the exclusive photos in their magazine.” Jillian motioned with her hand to bring it. “Let me be the insider who spills.”
      “I can’t say.”
      “It’s one of the Hemsworth brothers, isn’t it?” Darcy shook her head and Jillian squealed. “It’s Scott Eastwood. Please tell me it’s Scott Eastwood?”
      “No.” Darcy bit her lower lip. “It’s Rhett Easton.”
      Shock filled her friend’s face, followed by sympathy. “Oh, honey, Kyle’s brother? What are the odds of that happening?”
      “One in a billion.” She slumped down in her chair. “I keep looking for the hidden cameras, because this has to be some cruel joke. There is no way that I finally get the opportunity to secure mine and Kylie’s future, and it all comes down to an Easton.” A bad taste formed in her mouth. “Karma can suck it.”
      “What did he say? Did he smell like wall-banging sex? I heard he’s into wall sex. Which makes sense, the man is too sexy to want to do it someplace ordinary like a bed. Oh!” Jillian clapped. “Please tell me be brought his fiancée? I always wondered if her boobs were real.” Jillian looked down at her own boobs and cupped them. “They have to be fake, they defy gravity.”
      “Rhett didn’t come. He sent his brother Gage.” 
      “Oh no,” Jillian said, placing a hand over Darcy’s, because she knew the whole story, knew that getting sucker punched by Gage would hurt the most. 
      “He seemed as surprised to find me here as I was him. So at least being blindsided wasn’t some sick joke,” she said in a voice that she hoped came off as nonchalant. She left out the part that she’d flirted with him a little before she’d realized who it was. “Needless to say, it didn’t go well.”
      “He canceled the wedding?” Jillian said fiercely. “What a jerk.”
      “No, I canceled it.” And yes, he’d been a jerk.
      “What? Why? He’s marrying Stephanie Stone. The exposure alone would be amazing for you.” Jillian’s voice became velvet steel. “Don’t let Kyle ruin this moment for you, not when that income could make all the difference in your career. You’ve built something amazing here that deserves to host amazing weddings.”
      That was the only reason Darcy had even considered calling him back. This wasn’t just about her and Kylie anymore, she now had fifteen employees and small business owners counting on her to make this venue a success. Not to mention a loan from the bank that needed to be paid back.
      “I can’t do an Easton wedding here. It would be uncomfortable and awkward, and just thinking about seeing Margo makes me nauseous.” The throbbing in her head returned. “I’ve worked so hard to give Kylie a happy and safe place to grow up. I won’t risk that for just one wedding.”
      “What if you are risking something even bigger?” Jillian asked gently. “Wouldn’t it be nice to have someone else to count on? Someone else who loves Kylie as much as you do? Jerry might be a cheating jerk with a bad case of slippery dick syndrome, but Sam lights up every time his dad picks him up for their weekends.”
      Darcy swallowed hard. She knew what it was like to grow up in a single parent household. Her earliest memories were of having dry cereal for dinner because it was all that was in the house, and tucking herself in at night because her mom was working—or out at the bars spending her paycheck. 
      Between holding down two jobs and looking for the next man to latch onto, Darcy’s mom was usually so tired, something had to take a back seat. Sadly, it was often Darcy. 
      Which was why Darcy went into parenthood determined to be an amazing mom. Having a family was what she’d always wanted. More than anything. She couldn’t imagine a life without Kylie. 
      But did Kylie wonder what a life with a dad might be like? Darcy had. Not having a father had left a giant hole in her childhood, and she was determined that Kylie would always have enough. 
      Enough food. Enough clothes. Enough love.
      “They don’t want me,” she admitted, hating how bad it still burned. “They want to bring in an outside planner, and you know how temperamental the house is. You have to bang the AC just to get it started, and if someone doesn’t jiggle the upstairs toilet handle, it will fill up the septic tank.”
      Dead silence. “The AC and a toilet is the reason you turned down a wedding that could get you close to breaking even on this place?” 
      “Yes,” Darcy lied.
      Jillian shot her a skeptical look, but played along. “Well, then if that is your only concern, counter their offer. Tell Gage you need a bigger deposit, or that you are a non-negotiable part of the deal. Belle Mont House isn’t the magic ingredient to captivating romance, you are, so let them know that. This is your house and your dream. Don’t miss out because of something some guy from your past did. He’s taken enough from you and Kylie.”
      “Thanks,” Darcy said, wiping the emotion forming in the corner of her eyes away. “I needed to hear that.”  
      “Mom-my,” Kylie’s voice came from down the hall. “I’m rea-dy.”
      Darcy gave her friend a long hug. Drying her eyes, she walked into the house and into Kylie’s bedroom. Painted a light blue with green grass, a dog mural, and paw print trim, it was the only room that had been remodeled in the cottage. And sitting on the bed with a doghouse bedframe was her daughter, cuddled up with her favorite stuffed animal. 
      “Lights out time.” Darcy reached for the switch.
      “But we haven’t played High-Low yet,” Kylie said, referring to the game they played every night at the dinner table. “And we always play High-Low.”
      Darcy looked at her watch and sighed. She needed to get back to the wedding. She’d already been gone longer than expected. But her daughter needed a few more minutes of her attention, and Darcy needed one more hug, so she sat on the corner of the mattress. “Okay, high first.”
      “Auntie Jillian took us to the harbor to see the sea otter babies, and after she bought us an ice cream,” Kylie said with a sneaky smile. “A double scoop too, for big girls. And it had gumballs in it that turned my tongue colors.” Her tongue peeked out, and even though it was back to pink, Darcy covered her heart with her hand, and gasped.
      “I can see that. It matches your pajamas,” Darcy said, and Kylie beamed. “Now low?”
      “She made broccoli with dinner and I had to eat the whole plate full.” Kylie’s face puckered like she’d sucked on lemon, then tugged her stuffed dog toward her.
      “A whole plate full, huh?” Darcy teased, knowing Jillian put four pieces of broccoli on her plate—one for every year old Kylie was. “That is pretty awful.”
      “Your turn.”
      “Easy. Watching you twirl.” She tapped Kylie’s nose, which crinkled at the touch. “The worst part? That’s harder. Hmmmm…” 
      The whom was easy. Gage. Their meeting had been so disappointing she still felt the ache in her chest. Now, deciding which part of the impromptu meet was the most disappointing was the part that had Darcy waffling.  
      The cold way he’d looked at her earlier had reminded her of how she felt right after Kyle died. Scared, alone, unwanted. And just when she though it couldn’t get any worse, he’d dropped that threat on her in a calculated move that was so reminiscent of Kyle in their last few months together, she felt as if she were reliving the heartache all over. 
      It made her question if she’d gotten everything wrong. If her judgment was so incredibly bad when it came to men that she’d, once again, made a hero out of a self-centered jerk. Not that she would tell Kylie that, but she wouldn’t lie either. 
      “I ran into an old friend and it left me feeling sad,” Darcy finally said. 
      “Oh,” Kylie said, her little face soft with concern. “Because you miss them?”
      “Yeah, honey.” She did miss Gage. Missed their talks, their inside jokes, the way he’d tell her everything would work out.  
      Nothing had turned out the way they’d expected. But it had turned out exactly how it was supposed to. And even though Darcy had gone through hell to get to where she was, she wouldn’t trade one second of her life with Kylie. 
      “I miss how things used to be,” she said. “But I love how things are now. I love you, honey.”
      “Love you too, Mommy.”
      Kylie laid back and immediately closed her eyes, feigning sleep. She was so in character, she even let Darcy pull the blankets taut and tuck them snuggly around Kylie’s petite frame. 
      The stuffed dog cuddled beside her daughter caught Darcy’s eye, and she looked at the smug little face and smiled. Between all of the drama with Gage and the wedding, she’d completely forgotten about Fancy. “Guess who crashed the wedding today?”
      The only answer she got was a fake snore. 
      “Oh my, she’s already asleep,” Darcy said to no one in particular. Kylie cracked a smile, but didn’t open her eyes.
      “Well, I guess I’ll just have to tell her tomorrow about the dog that visited Belle Mont House.” Darcy stood and clicked off the bedside lamp. Kylie still didn’t move. “It was a miniature white Pomeranian named Fancy.”
      “A Pomeranian?” Kylie bolted straight up and clicked back on the light. “Like Sassy?”
      “Yup. Fancy had on pink bows and collar. And you know what else?” Darcy leaned down to whisper, “Fancy was a boy.”
      Fingers over her mouth, eyes bulging like she’d just learned a national secret, Kylie released a breathy giggle. “But he’s got a girl name.”
      “I know. Isn’t that weird?”
      Kylie thought about that, then shook her head. “You’re taking me to the daddy daughter picnic and that’s not weird. Unless.” She sucked in a horrified breath. “Are you gonna dress like a boy?”
      “Only if I can pretend to be Mr. Sims down at the post office.” Darcy furrowed her brow and formed her lips into a stern look of disapproval, then in a Mr. Sims-esque voice, said, “Little girls who don’t go to sleep don’t get cake.”
      “For breakfast?”
      Tomorrow was Saturday and every kid needed to have cake for breakfast at least once in their life. For this little girl, it was a weekly occasion, but Kylie always acted as if it were the first time. After her day, Darcy might even be open to a Saturday Cake Buffett. “Sure, why not.”
      “Day old cake is better than right out of the oven cake,” Kylie said dreamily, then laid back down. 
      With one last kiss, because Darcy could never get enough, she turned off the light and watched Kylie close her eyes. 
      She wondered if there would ever come a time when Kylie would think it was weird that her mom went to everything—including father only events. That she’d one day notice the lack of male presence in her life. 
      If things had gone differently, her daughter would have had a really great uncle to look up to in Gage. Five great uncles who would pamper and protect her with the fierce Easton love. It made her question her decision to keep them at a distance all these years. Brought back doubts that maybe she wasn’t enough for Kylie.
      She could love her with everything she had to give, but in the end, would it be the same as being surrounded by a family full of love? 
      Then there was Margo Easton, and the reign of terror that woman had brought down on Darcy. 
      Humiliation rolled in her stomach at the memory of being arrested in her own home. The cold handcuffs, the judgmental neighbors, the place she’d worked so hard to make safe—it was all destroyed in that moment. And brought Darcy back to her childhood—to a time when her home was a revolving door, and visits to the police station weren’t a school sponsored field trip.
      Margo knew, knew how Darcy’s neighbors and friends would react to her being taken away in cuffs. Just like she knew that, although Kyle’s was the only name on the lease, the loft had been her home too. Her safe sanctuary away from the memories.   
      Margo had stolen that from her. 
      Even worse, Margo had forced her family—the family Darcy had come to consider her own—to abandon Darcy at her lowest point. Her stomach hollowed out whenever she thought back to those first few months. How she’d cried until she had no tears left to give and how, at night, the terrifying loneliness would creep in and take hold. 
      Every cruel word spoken and every betrayal against Darcy came rushing back.
      Nope, the only question Darcy should be asking herself was why she hadn’t moved further away.

